Copyright (c) [2020-2022] University of Washington, Brown University, Oxford University, The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University, and University of California at San Francisco. Developed as part of the Open Mind Consortium. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
 
•Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

•Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

•Neither the name of the University of Washington, Brown University, Oxford University, Stanford University, and University of California at San Francisco nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

•You will acknowledge in publications the contributions involving or based on the Software by citing Roarr, Bradford N., et al. "OMNI: Open Mind Neuromodulation Interface for accelerated research and discovery." 2021 10th International IEEE/EMBS Conference on Neural Engineering (NER). IEEE, 2021.
 
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON, BROWN UNIVERISTY, OXFORD UNIVERSITY, THE BOARD OF TRUSTESS OF THE LELAND STANFORD JUNIOR UNIVERSITY, AND UNIVERISTY OF CALIFORNIA AT SAN FRANCISCO AND CONTRIBUTORS “AS IS” AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON, BROWN UNIVERISTY, OXFORD UNIVERSITY, THE BOARD OF TRUSTESS OF THE LELAND STANFORD JUNIOR UNIVERSITY, UNIVERISTY OF CALIFORNIA AT SAN FRANCISCO OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
